for a year and a half using the bike
daily is a broker of
Safe to show off your bike to give envy to
any car flashlights i have here
one brake light is also one
works there, if it works, too.
also have a right to turn left
right here I have a laser that
delimits an area around the bicycle
so the car is not invade the room
light is to night has a cannon of light that
he
it flashes quite make it display
has the little cold that accompanied the own
light bike and I boarded
on this cycling tour around curitiba
to get to know the electric magrela better
the battery has a battery life of 60
kilometers
varies according to the weight and path
of the driver on the way up is a cinch with
engine help
the pedal continues smooth and without much
ideal effort for those who want to start
pedaling and catching light at first I
I usually say the electric bicycle
are the delights of descent time
all
the maximum speed with the engine is 25
kilometers per hour
the bike is waterproof so it's even
in rain it is possible to use it
the battery can also be removed if
the cyclist does not want this help the
recharge is equivalent to that of the
a cell phone within four hours the charge is
and its useful life is two
three years on average
I just went through a seven-way
miles here with the bike
even though it had some climbs
along the way I can talk without
to have a breathy voice too
practically on your electric bicycle 1
is it the evolution of common bike
so you can pedal can do
motor exercise is an extra help in
upload for anyone who wants for example
work can not get sweaty like it is
which was the electric bicycle path
It's great, it was really cool. It helps.
enough people on the climbs
especially we can keep the
legal speed and mainly is
in a group this was very nice a good
experience you also found
I really liked the first time I do
a bicycle ride to the end I feel
desire to come for being an electrical
also sounded
father mother and son decided to pedal together
what was just a walk aroused the
desire to take the habit for the day to
day
prefer to work from bike also looks
knows that he has not even crossed his mind
to do this is what comes back in Curitiba and
I think in the one in most cities
are bike paths for you to have
safety on a bicycle if it were
I'm sure a lot of people
would abandon the car
electric preference bike help
good